Update LVM_SETGROUPINFO docs (#169)
MicrosoftDocs/win32: desktop-src/Controls/lvm-setgroupinfo.md

</dt> <dd>ID that specifies the group whose information is to be set.</dd> <dt>

*lParam* 

> </dt> <dd>Pointer to an <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/commctrl/ns-commctrl-lvgroup">LVGROUP</a> structure that contains the information to set.</dd> </dl>

Reviewer: We must not include locale information so users view docs in their language:
```suggestion
</dt> <dd>Pointer to an <a href="/windows/win32/api/commctrl/ns-commctrl-lvgroup">LVGROUP</a> structure that contains the information to set.</dd> </dl>
```

## Return value

Returns the ID of the group if successful, or -1 otherwise.

## Remarks

> <b>LVGROUP.mask</b> should not include the <b>LVGF_GROUPID</b> flag when updating fields such as <b>pszTask</b> or <b>uAlign</b> on an existing group.

Reviewer 2: Sounds too generalized to me, you can include LVGF_GROUPID as long as you actually change the ID. I think its better to document that this flag is a change-id request and will fail if the target group id already exists. How about something like
```suggestion
Including <b>LVGF_GROUPID</b> in <b>LVGROUP.mask</b> implies changing the group ID and will fail if the ID given in <b>LVGROUP.iGroupId</b> is already used. When updating fields such as <b>pszTask</b> or <b>uAlign</b> on an existing group including <b>LVGF_GROUPID</b> in <b>LVGROUP.mask</b> is not required.
```

Reviewer: How about something like this?
```suggestion
To change a group ID of an existing group add <b>LVGF_GROUPID</b> to <b>LVGROUP.mask</b> and set <b>LVGROUP.iGroupId</b> to the new ID. The call will fail if <b>LVGROUP.iGroupId</b> contains ID of an existing group.<br />
To update other properties of an existing group (e.g. update an alignment of the header or footer text for the group, <b>uAlign</b>) <b>LVGROUP.mask</b> must not contain <b>LVGF_GROUPID</b>, else the update will fail.
```
